Code of Conduct
================
Lara Habashy
12/01/2021

We are dedicated to providing a welcoming and supportive environment for
all people, regardless of background or identity. As such, we do not
tolerate behaviour that is disrespectful or that excludes, intimidates,
or causes discomfort to others. We do not tolerate discrimination or
harassment based on characteristics that include, but are not limited
to, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability,
physical appearance, body size, citizenship, nationality, ethnic or
social origin, pregnancy, familial status, veteran status, genetic
information, religion or belief (or lack thereof), membership of a
national minority, property, age, education, socio-economic status,
technical choices, and experience level.

Everyone who participates in or contributes to this project is required
to conform to this Code of Conduct. The core contributors are expected
to assist with the enforcement of the Code of Conduct.

## Expected Behaviour

All participants and contributors are expected to show respect and
courtesy to others. All interactions should be professional regardless
of platform: either online or in-person. In order to foster a positive
and professional environment we encourage the following kinds of
behaviours:

  - Use welcoming and inclusive language

  - Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences

  - Gracefully accept constructive criticism

  - Focus on what is best for the community

  - Show courtesy and respect towards other community members

## Teamwork

Our community is open for learning and all contributions are respected.
Contributors shall provide appropriate credit at all times.

## Unacceptable Behavior

Examples of unacceptable behavior include:

  - written or verbal comments which have the effect of excluding people
    on the basis of membership of any specific group causing someone to
    fear for their safety, such as through stalking, following, or
    intimidation

  - violent threats or language directed against another person

  - the display of sexual or violent images

  - unwelcome sexual attention

  - nonconsensual or unwelcome physical contact

  - sustained disruption of talks, events or communications

  - insults or put downs sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic,
    ableist, or exclusionary jokes

  - excessive swearing incitement to violence, suicide, or self-harm
    continuing to initiate interaction (including photography or
    recording) with someone after being asked to stop publication of
    private communication without consent

## Consequences of Unacceptable Behavior

Participants who are asked to stop any inappropriate behavior are
expected to comply immediately. This applies online or in-person. If a
participant engages in behavior that violates this code of conduct, the
core contributors may warn the offender and/or engage the UBC MDS
teaching team, where appropriate, to investigate the Code of Conduct
violation and impose appropriate sanctions.

## Incident Reporting Guidelines

If someone violates the Code of Conduct, we ask that you report it to
core contributor team (Group 15).

Attribution: Adapted from
<https://github.com/UBC-DSCI/dsci-100/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md>,
<http://www.idocde.net/pages/35>
